Priority senders (#5959)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Deprecations
- `--tx-pool-disable-locals` has been deprecated for removal in favor of `--tx-pool-no-local-priority`, no semantic change, only a renaming [#5959](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5959)

### Additions and Improvements

> - New options `--tx-pool-priority-senders` to specify a list senders, that has the effect to prioritize any transactions sent by these senders from any source [#5959](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5959)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New option `--tx-pool-priority-senders` to specify a list of senders, that has the effect to prioritize any transactions sent by these senders from any source [#5959](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5959)
```
